Here it is.
Sure enough, it was the wrench
Where did you get this wrench from?
You say this?
It was given to me by a good friend of mine.
It came from a street stall
In terms of appearance and preciousness
This is the best
The old man likes it very much, right?
It's not right.
You said he was fake.
Will you watch
Do you understand?
Don't think the old man complimented you
Right here talking nonsense
Angel, I'm just saying it's not right.
Because it's unlucky.
big brother
If you wear it for a long time, it will hurt your body.
Nonsense
This is feudal superstition
Pure slander
The old man has seen the baby for a lifetime
Never been a teacher
Do you really think you are stronger than this old man?
It's really a theft
Oops, bridge teacher
In fact, you can question
Shut up now
Master, is there really something wrong with this thing?
Who gave this thing to you?
He must be trying to hurt you
You are now black gas weak body
It won't take three days.
You will be innocent
Yeah!
This is killing the old man
Xiaobai chased him away from me
Is there really something wrong with this thing?
Are you still stubborn?
Let it out
No one needs to buy his baby for the whole voyage
No one needs to make a deal with him
You're going to leave him dead on the street
Hurry up angel
If you feel unwell these two days
Make sure to break that wrench for him
It might save your life
Oops angel
You must remember that.